2 pounds beef chuck roast
1/2 teaspoon salt
1/2 teaspoon ground black pepper
4 ounces butter
4 green onions, sliced (white parts)
4 tablespoons flour
1 (10.5 ounce) can condensed beef broth
1 teaspoon mustard
1 (6 ounce) can sliced mushrooms, drained
1/3 cup sour cream
1/3 cup white wine
Note: salt and ground black pepper to taste

1.roast strips 1/2 x 2" season with 1/2 teaspoon of salt and pepper. 
2.In a skillet melt the butter, brown the strips quickly, push the beef strips off to one side. 
Add the onions and cook slowly for 3-5 minutes, push to the side with the beef strips. 
3.Stir the flour into the juices in the pan. Pour in beef broth, bring to a boil, stirring constantly. 
Lower the heat and stir in mustard. Cover and simmer for 1 hour or until the meat is tender. 
4. 5 mins before serving, stir in the mushrooms, sour cream, and white wine. Heat briefly then salt and pepper to taste. 

---
2.5 pound beef tenderloin, 2x1/2" strips
tablespoons vegetable oil
6 tablespoons (3/4 stick) butter
1/4 cup finely chopped shallots
1 pound mushrooms, thickly sliced
1 cup canned beef broth
2 tablespoons Cognac
3/4 cup crème fraîche or whipping cream
1 tablespoon Dijon mustard
1 tablespoon chopped fresh dill
12 ounces wide egg noodles
1 tablespoon paprika

Pat meat dry with paper towels. Sprinkle with salt and pepper. 
Heat oil in heavy large skillet over high heat until very hot. 
Working in batches, add meat in single layer and cook just until brown on outside, about 1 minute per side. 
Transfer to rimmed baking sheet. 

Melt 2 tablespoons butter in same skillet over medium-high heat. 
Add chopped shallots and sauté until tender, scraping up browned bits, about 2 minutes. 
Add button mushrooms. Sprinkle with pepper and sauté until liquid evaporates, about 12 minutes. 
Add beef broth, then Cognac. Simmer until liquid thickens and just coats mushrooms, about 14 minutes. 
Stir in crème fraîche and Dijon mustard. Add meat and any accumulated juices from baking sheet. 
Simmer over medium-low heat until meat is heated through but still medium-rare, about 2 minutes. Stir in chopped dill. 
Season to taste with salt and pepper. 

Meanwhile, cook noodles in large pot of boiling salted water until tender, about 8 minutes. 
Drain. Transfer to bowl. Add remaining 4 tablespoons butter and toss to coat. 
Season with salt and pepper. Divide noodles among plates. Top with beef and sauce. 
Sprinkle generously with paprika. 


